README.md, before:

# gqless

## Visit [https://gqless.com](https://gqless.com)

## Contributors

### Code Contributors

This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute. [[Contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md)].
<a href="https://github.com/samdenty/gqless/graphs/contributors"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/contributors.svg?width=890&button=false" /></a>

### Financial Contributors

Become a financial contributor and help us sustain our community. [[Contribute](https://opencollective.com/gqless/contribute)]

#### Individuals

<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/individuals.svg?width=890"></a>

#### Organizations

Support this project with your organization. Your logo will show up here with a link to your website. [[Contribute](https://opencollective.com/gqless/contribute)]

<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/0/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/1/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/2/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/2/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/3/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/3/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/4/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/4/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/5/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/5/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/6/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/6/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/7/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/7/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/8/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/8/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/9/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/9/avatar.svg"></a>

Commit message:

add logo & acknowledgements to main README

README.md, after:

# gqless

![gqless Logo](internal/website/static/img/logo.png)

## Visit [https://gqless.com](https://gqless.com)

## Acknowledgements

- Special thanks to Nate Wienert [(@natew)](https://github.com/natew) for sponsoring the remake for 'gqless' v2, helping in the debugging process and the great new logo.
- Special thanks to Sam Denty [(@samdenty)](https://github.com/samdenty) for letting us keep moving the project forward, and of course, his original idea.

## Contributors

### Code Contributors

This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute. [[Contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md)].
<a href="https://github.com/samdenty/gqless/graphs/contributors"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/contributors.svg?width=890&button=false" /></a>

### Financial Contributors

Become a financial contributor and help us sustain our community. [[Contribute](https://opencollective.com/gqless/contribute)]

#### Individuals

<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/individuals.svg?width=890"></a>

#### Organizations

Support this project with your organization. Your logo will show up here with a link to your website. [[Contribute](https://opencollective.com/gqless/contribute)]

<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/0/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/1/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/2/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/2/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/3/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/3/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/4/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/4/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/5/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/5/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/6/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/6/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/7/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/7/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/8/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/8/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/9/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/gqless/organization/9/avatar.svg"></a>
