docs/cli/codegen.mdx, before:

---
id: codegen
title: Codegen
---

Given it's [configuration](/cli/config), creates a typed gqless client from a graphql endpoint/schema.

## Installation

Install the following dependencies to your project:

```bash yarn2npm
yarn add gqless
yarn add -D @gqless/cli graphql
```

## Command

It already being installed in your package you can either do:

```shell
npx gqless generate
```

Or, if you have a script in your `package.json`

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "generate": "gqless generate"
  }
}
```

```bash yarn2npm
yarn generate
```

## Format output code

The CLI code generator comes with built in support for formatting code using [Prettier](https://prettier.io/). The config search will start at the output directory and will continue up the directories tree.

## Default client generated code

By default with `react` & `subscriptions` turned on, the generated client files should look like this:

```ts
import { createReactClient } from '@gqless/react';
import { createSubscriptionsClient } from '@gqless/subscriptions';
import { createClient, QueryFetcher } from 'gqless';
import {
  GeneratedSchema,
  generatedSchema,
  scalarsEnumsHash,
  SchemaObjectTypes,
  SchemaObjectTypesNames,
} from './schema.generated';

const queryFetcher: QueryFetcher = async function (query, variables) {
  // Modify "/api/graphql" if needed
  const response = await fetch('/api/graphql', {
    method: 'POST',
    headers: {
      'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    },
    body: JSON.stringify({
      query,
      variables,
    }),
    mode: 'cors',
  });

  const json = await response.json();

  return json;
};

const subscriptionsClient =
  typeof window !== 'undefined'
    ? createSubscriptionsClient({
        wsEndpoint: () => {
          // Modify if needed
          const url = new URL('/api/graphql', window.location.href);
          url.protocol = url.protocol.replace('http', 'ws');
          return url.href;
        },
      })
    : undefined;

export const client = createClient<
  GeneratedSchema,
  SchemaObjectTypesNames,
  SchemaObjectTypes
>({
  schema: generatedSchema,
  scalarsEnumsHash,
  queryFetcher,
  subscriptionsClient,
});

export const {
  query,
  mutation,
  mutate,
  subscription,
  resolved,
  refetch,
} = client;

export const {
  graphql,
  useQuery,
  useTransactionQuery,
  useLazyQuery,
  useMutation,
  useRefetch,
  useMetaState,
  prepareReactRender,
  useHydrateCache,
  prepareQuery,
  useSubscription,
} = createReactClient<GeneratedSchema>(client, {
  defaults: {
    // Set this flag as "true" if your usage involves React Suspense
    // Keep in mind that you can overwrite it in a per-hook basis
    suspense: false,

    // Set this flag based on your needs
    staleWhileRevalidate: false,
  },
});

export * from './schema.generated';
```

You can modify this file safely, and each client has configurations you can set.

- See [Core client configuration](/core/config)

- See [React configuration](/react/config)

- See [Subscriptions configuration](/core/subscriptions)

Commit message:

[cli] improve generate config conflict warning

docs/cli/codegen.mdx, after:

---
id: codegen
title: Codegen
---

Given it's [configuration](/cli/config), creates a typed gqless client from a graphql endpoint/schema.

## Installation

Install the following dependencies to your project:

```bash yarn2npm
yarn add gqless
yarn add -D @gqless/cli graphql
```

## Command

After `@gless/cli` is installed in your package, you should add a `script` in your `package.json`.

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "generate": "gqless generate"
  }
}
```

Then, you can execute:

```bash yarn2npm
yarn generate
```

## Format output code

The CLI code generator comes with built in support for formatting code using [Prettier](https://prettier.io/). The config search will start at the output directory and will continue up the directories tree.

## Default client generated code

By default with `react` & `subscriptions` turned on, the generated client files should look like this:

```ts
import { createReactClient } from '@gqless/react';
import { createSubscriptionsClient } from '@gqless/subscriptions';
import { createClient, QueryFetcher } from 'gqless';
import {
  GeneratedSchema,
  generatedSchema,
  scalarsEnumsHash,
  SchemaObjectTypes,
  SchemaObjectTypesNames,
} from './schema.generated';

const queryFetcher: QueryFetcher = async function (query, variables) {
  // Modify "/api/graphql" if needed
  const response = await fetch('/api/graphql', {
    method: 'POST',
    headers: {
      'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    },
    body: JSON.stringify({
      query,
      variables,
    }),
    mode: 'cors',
  });

  const json = await response.json();

  return json;
};

const subscriptionsClient =
  typeof window !== 'undefined'
    ? createSubscriptionsClient({
        wsEndpoint: () => {
          // Modify if needed
          const url = new URL('/api/graphql', window.location.href);
          url.protocol = url.protocol.replace('http', 'ws');
          return url.href;
        },
      })
    : undefined;

export const client = createClient<
  GeneratedSchema,
  SchemaObjectTypesNames,
  SchemaObjectTypes
>({
  schema: generatedSchema,
  scalarsEnumsHash,
  queryFetcher,
  subscriptionsClient,
});

export const {
  query,
  mutation,
  mutate,
  subscription,
  resolved,
  refetch,
} = client;

export const {
  graphql,
  useQuery,
  useTransactionQuery,
  useLazyQuery,
  useMutation,
  useRefetch,
  useMetaState,
  prepareReactRender,
  useHydrateCache,
  prepareQuery,
  useSubscription,
} = createReactClient<GeneratedSchema>(client, {
  defaults: {
    // Set this flag as "true" if your usage involves React Suspense
    // Keep in mind that you can overwrite it in a per-hook basis
    suspense: false,

    // Set this flag based on your needs
    staleWhileRevalidate: false,
  },
});

export * from './schema.generated';
```

You can modify this file safely, and each client has configurations you can set.

- See [Core client configuration](/core/config)

- See [React configuration](/react/config)

- See [Subscriptions configuration](/core/subscriptions)
